just a quick
right now get ready just bring the trap
when our sight yeah unless I'm Gramps
he's got a clear path
oh dear help everything's okay
what the who the hell man I've come to
set you free
because I can't move yet
sighs
three two
gotcha
we can't
some brain decipher trying no I'll never
complain about your smell again rubbish
can't be valuable Stan sure is the log
barge ten cents but a big white flag at
each end of it
are you time's running out boy well
grandmas here been a very good summary
ha ha we're all sad to see you go but as
you know the Navy's got new follow use
for such a small vessel well to
administer this stuff thank you now if
you don't mind I'd like some time to
think if the modern Navy is gonna be
like him I'd be better off down with the
fishes
what everything out here of oil stay
clear of us here just do as I say
Oh Big Mac leave the bard in your place
let's hope all is he from badness that
is the target right keep all that the
babies no fun tonight this just leave me
here you'll get into trouble please
don't do it
right couldn't be better
forget it ten cents now I Frank's gonna
that an inch
ready for the big spectacular yet come
on get on with that there we go yes
three two one go
don't rush me I do the countdown time
honey you fool
yeah jokes over button piccaboo barges
problems
you